update the scope of 'tidb_enable_clustered_index' and add cdc server … (#5198) (#5716)
pingcap/docs: ticdc/deploy-ticdc.md

- `ca`: The path of the CA certificate file used by TiCDC, in the PEM format (optional).
- `cert`: The path of the certificate file used by TiCDC, in the PEM format (optional).
- `key`: The path of the certificate key file used by TiCDC, in the PEM format (optional).

> - `config`: The address of the configuration file that TiCDC uses (optional). This option is supported since TiCDC v5.0.0. This option can be used in the TiCDC deployment since TiUP v1.4.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `config`: The address of the configuration file that TiCDC uses (optional). This option is supported since TiCDC v4.0.13. This option can be used in the TiCDC deployment since TiUP v1.4.0.
```
